use style tag for solidjs to fix styling issues (#3390)
BuilderIO/builder: .changeset/many-ligers-compete.md

---
"@builder.io/sdk-solid": patch
---

> Use style tags for solidjs instead of solid-styled-components to fix CLS issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix: use inlined `<style>` tags instead of `solid-styled-components` to resolve CLS issues.
```
